Fix docs for gateway/filesystem deployment migration (#894)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/migrate-fs-gateway.rst

Reviewer: We should add a graph explaining the difference between `filesystem` mode and `gateway` mode. People might not know which tab to click on otherwise.

Author: Excellent idea.

Added a short description for each. I went back to older versions of the docs for likely text, feedback appreciated on accuracy.

   Set the port to a custom point different than the existing standalone deployment.

> #. Add an alias for the new deployment with :mc:`mc alias set` with the new MinIO Client from the previous step.

Author: Went with a minor tweak to your suggestion 👍🏻

   - Replace ``PATH`` with the IP address or hostname and port for the new deployment.
   - Replace ``ACCESSKEY`` and ``SECRETKEY`` with the credentials you used when creating the new deployment.

#. Migrate settings according to the type of deployment:

   .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: Gateway

         a. Migrate environment variables

            Copy the :ref:`environment variables <minio-server-environment-variables>` from the existing deployment's ``/etc/default/minio`` file to the same file in the new deployment.
            You may omit any ``MINIO_CACHE_*`` and ``MINIO_GATEWAY_SSE`` environment variables, as these are no longer used.

      .. tab-item:: Filesystem mode

         a. Export the existing deployment's **configurations**.

            Use the :mc-cmd:`mc admin config export <mc admin config export>` export command with the existing MinIO Client to retrieve the configurations defined for the existing standalone MinIO deployment.

            .. code-block:: shell
               :class: copyable

               mc admin config export ALIAS > config.txt

>             - Use the existing MinIO Client.

Author: The SNSD instructions referenced above cover installing `mc`, but it's on another page and a bit buried. Useful to mention it again here 👍🏻 

I _think_ the export commands are still ok, but of course that could change at any moment. Let me see if I can come up with a workable middle ground.

>             - Use the existing MinIO Client.

Reviewer: But does it cover adding two separate versions of mc at the same time? Because your instructions rely on having both versions accessible to run.

>             - Use the existing MinIO Client.

Author: I'm actually just adding that right now 👍🏻

            You may omit any ``MINIO_CACHE_*`` and ``MINIO_GATEWAY_SSE`` environment variables, as these are no longer used.

      .. tab-item:: Filesystem mode

         a. Export the existing deployment's **configurations**.

            Use the :mc-cmd:`mc admin config export <mc admin config export>` export command with the existing MinIO Client to retrieve the configurations defined for the existing standalone MinIO deployment.

            .. code-block:: shell
               :class: copyable

               mc admin config export ALIAS > config.txt

            - Use the existing MinIO Client.
            - Replace ``ALIAS`` with the alias used for the existing standalone deployment you are retrieving values from. 

         b. Import **configurations** from existing standalone deployment to new deployment with the new MinIO Client.

            .. code-block:: shell
               :class: copyable

               mc admin config import ALIAS < config.txt

            - Use the new MinIO Client.

>             - Replace ``ALIAS`` with the alias for the new deployment.

Author: I think this captures your _or something_:
```
If :mc:`~mc admin config import` reports an error for a configuration key, comment it out with ``#`` at the beginning of the relevant line and try again.                    
When you are finished migrating the deployment, verify the current syntax for the target MinIO Server version and set any needed keys manually using :mc:`mc admin config set`.
```

   - Replace ``PATH`` with the IP address or hostname and port for the new deployment.
   - Replace ``ACCESSKEY`` and ``SECRETKEY`` with the credentials you used when creating the new deployment.

#. Migrate settings according to the type of deployment:

   .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: Gateway

>          a. Migrate environment variables

Author: I can't remember if we prefer `a` or `A` for second level ordered lists.

>             Copy the :ref:`environment variables <minio-server-environment-variables>` from the existing deployment's ``/etc/default/minio`` file to the same file in the new deployment.

Author: Is there a more accurate way to describe this?

The existing instructions suggest the old and new deployments could be on the same host. (Explicitly discusses using the same filesystem, which may or may not be the same host.) I couldn't figure that out, in part because then how do you have different `/etc/default/minio` files. (Maybe there's a flag to specify?)

Reviewer 2: >I couldn't figure that out, in part because then how do you have different /etc/default/minio files
you could save the env in different files - it is just that the service file should refer the correct env file - see [here](https://min.io/docs/minio/linux/operations/install-deploy-manage/deploy-minio-single-node-single-drive.html#create-the-systemd-service-file)

```suggestion
            Copy the :ref:`environment variables <minio-server-environment-variables>` from the existing deployment's ``/etc/default/minio`` file to the EnvironmentFile specified in the new deployment's service file.
```

Author: So you can have more than one deployment if you are using systemd. (I'm not, my VMs have some sort of systemd problem.)

Manually incorporated your suggestion, thank you @poornas

            You may omit any ``MINIO_CACHE_*`` and ``MINIO_GATEWAY_SSE`` environment variables, as these are no longer used.

>       .. tab-item:: Filesystem mode

Author: My understanding is the filesystem mode instructions are (mostly) ok. I haven't tested them yet, the old version of the install docs reference instructions on the download site that no longer exist so it's confusing.

Author: Whatever we do now is better than it was, so deal with that if/when it comes up.
